[PCI] Documentation (#245)
AdobeDocs/commerce-php: src/pages/development/security/subresource-integrity.md

---
title: Subresource Integrity
description: Security feature that enables browsers to verify the resources they fetch.
---

> # Subresource Integrity
> Subresource Integrity (SRI) is a security feature that enables browsers to verify that resources they fetch (for example, from a CDN) are delivered without unexpected manipulation. It works by allowing you to provide a cryptographic hash that a fetched resource must match.
> See [Subresource Integrity (SRI)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Subresource_Integrity) to learn more about SRI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Subresource Integrity

Subresource Integrity (SRI) is a security feature that enables browsers to verify that resources they fetch (for example, from a CDN) are delivered without unexpected manipulation. It works by allowing you to provide a cryptographic hash that a fetched resource must match.
See [Subresource Integrity (SRI)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Subresource_Integrity) to learn more about SRI.
```

---
title: Subresource Integrity
description: Security feature that enables browsers to verify the resources they fetch.
---

# Subresource Integrity
Subresource Integrity (SRI) is a security feature that enables browsers to verify that resources they fetch (for example, from a CDN) are delivered without unexpected manipulation. It works by allowing you to provide a cryptographic hash that a fetched resource must match.
See [Subresource Integrity (SRI)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Subresource_Integrity) to learn more about SRI.

## Application Support
In order to adhere to PCI 4.0 requirements regarding verifying the integrity of scripts on payment pages, Adobe Commerce and Magento Open Source 2.4.7 and later include support for Subresource Integrity by providing integrity hashes for all javascript assets residing in the local filesystem. (This
functionality is defined in the Magento_Csp module.)

> Please note that currently there is no SRI support for custom remote javascript resources.

Reviewer 2: Probably we need to clarify here that although there is no automatic SRI coverage for custom remote scripts, merchants still can cover those by adding 'integrity' and 'crossorigin' attributes to corresponding '<script>' tags on the case by case basis.

For example, to enable SRI on the customer account page in the storefront, create the file `<module-dir>/view/frontend/layout/customer_account_index.xml` with the following content
```xml
<page xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:magento:framework:View/Layout/etc/page_configuration.xsd">
    <head>
        <link src="Magento_Csp::js/sri.js"/>
    </head>
    <body>
        <referenceBlock name="head.additional">
            <block class="Magento\Csp\Block\Sri\Hashes" name="customer.account.index.sri.hashes" template="Magento_Csp::sri/hashes.phtml"/>
        </referenceBlock>
    </body>
</page>
```

## Subresource Integrity Hash Generation
The Subresource Integrity hash generation process starts after [static content](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-operations/configuration-guide/cli/static-view/static-view-file-deployment) for every package area is deployed.
The [postprocessor](https://github.com/magento-commerce/magento2ce/tree/2.4-develop/app/code/Magento/Csp/Model/Deploy/Package/Processor/PostProcessor) class processes all javascript files by package and generates integrity hashes.

> The postprocessor class invokes the [SubresourceIntegrityCollector](https://github.com/magento-commerce/magento2ce/blob/2.4-develop/app/code/Magento/Csp/Model/SubresourceIntegrityCollector.php) class to accumulate files to save in cache once all packages are deployed.

Reviewer 2: "class to accumulate files..." - "files" need to be replaced with "integrity hashes" or "hashes" since SubresourceIntegrityCollector does not accumulates files.

> All accumulated files are stored in cache via the [SubresourceIntegrityRepository](https://github.com/magento-commerce/magento2ce/blob/2.4-develop/app/code/Magento/Csp/Model/SubresourceIntegrityRepository.php) class.

Reviewer 2: "All accumulated files are..." - "files" need to be replaced with "integrity hashes" or "hashes".

---
title: Subresource Integrity

> description: Security feature that enables browsers to verify the resources they fetch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Security feature that enables browsers to verify the resources that they fetch.
```

---

# Subresource Integrity

> Subresource Integrity (SRI) is a security feature that enables browsers to verify that resources they fetch (for example, from a CDN) are delivered without unexpected manipulation. It works by allowing you to provide a cryptographic hash that a fetched resource must match.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subresource Integrity (SRI) is a security feature that enables browsers to verify that the resources they fetch (for example, from a CDN) are delivered without unexpected manipulation. This feature works by allowing you to provide a cryptographic hash that a fetched resource must match.
```

See [Subresource Integrity (SRI)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Subresource_Integrity) to learn more about SRI.

## Application Support

> To comply with PCI 4.0 requirements for verification of script integrity on payment pages, Adobe Commerce and Magento Open Source 2.4.7 and later include support for Subresource Integrity by providing integrity hashes for all javascript assets residing in the local filesystem. (This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To comply with PCI 4.0 requirements for verification of script integrity on payment pages, Adobe Commerce and Magento Open Source 2.4.7 and later include support for Subresource Integrity by providing integrity hashes for all Javascript assets residing in the local filesystem. (This
```

> In order to adhere to PCI 4.0 requirements regarding verifying the integrity of scripts on payment pages, Adobe Commerce and Magento Open Source 2.4.7 and later include support for Subresource Integrity by providing integrity hashes for all javascript assets residing in the local filesystem. (This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To comply with PCI 4.0 requirements for verification of script integrity on payment pages, Adobe Commerce and Magento Open Source 2.4.7 and later include support for Subresource Integrity by providing integrity hashes for all javascript assets residing in the local filesystem. (This
```

functionality is defined in the Magento_Csp module.)

## Default Configuration

> The default SRI feature is implemented only on the payment pages for the admin and storefront areas. However, merchants can extend the default configuration to other pages.
> For example, to enable SRI on the customer account page in the storefront, create the file `<module-dir>/view/frontend/layout/customer_account_index.xml` with the following content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default SRI feature is implemented only on the payment pages for the admin and storefront areas. However, merchants can extend the default configuration to other pages. For example, to enable SRI on the customer account page in the storefront, create the file `<module-dir>/view/frontend/layout/customer_account_index.xml` with the following content
```

```xml
<page xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:magento:framework:View/Layout/etc/page_configuration.xsd">
    <head>
        <link src="Magento_Csp::js/sri.js"/>
    </head>
    <body>
        <referenceBlock name="head.additional">
            <block class="Magento\Csp\Block\Sri\Hashes" name="customer.account.index.sri.hashes" template="Magento_Csp::sri/hashes.phtml"/>
        </referenceBlock>
    </body>
</page>
```

## Subresource Integrity Hash Generation

> The Subresource Integrity hash generation process starts after [static content](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-operations/configuration-guide/cli/static-view/static-view-file-deployment) for every package area is deployed.
> The [postprocessor](https://github.com/magento-commerce/magento2ce/tree/2.4-develop/app/code/Magento/Csp/Model/Deploy/Package/Processor/PostProcessor) class processes all javascript files by package and generates integrity hashes.
> The postprocessor class invokes the [SubresourceIntegrityCollector](https://github.com/magento-commerce/magento2ce/blob/2.4-develop/app/code/Magento/Csp/Model/SubresourceIntegrityCollector.php) class to collect integrity hashes to save in cache once all packages are deployed.
> All integrity hashes are stored in cache via the [SubresourceIntegrityRepository](https://github.com/magento-commerce/magento2ce/blob/2.4-develop/app/code/Magento/Csp/Model/SubresourceIntegrityRepository.php) class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Subresource Integrity hash generation process begins once [static content](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-operations/configuration-guide/cli/static-view/static-view-file-deployment) for each package area has been deployed.
The [postprocessor](https://github.com/magento-commerce/magento2ce/tree/2.4-develop/app/code/Magento/Csp/Model/Deploy/Package/Processor/PostProcessor) class then systematically processes all javascript files within each package and generates integrity hashes.
The postprocessor class triggers the [SubresourceIntegrityCollector](https://github.com/magento-commerce/magento2ce/blob/2.4-develop/app/code/Magento/Csp/Model/SubresourceIntegrityCollector.php) class to collect the hashes which are cached for storage after all packages are deployed.
All integrity hashes are stored in cache via the [SubresourceIntegrityRepository](https://github.com/magento-commerce/magento2ce/blob/2.4-develop/app/code/Magento/Csp/Model/SubresourceIntegrityRepository.php) class.
```

## Subresource Integrity Caching

> Subresource Integrity hashes are stored and organized in cache by the deployed package area - frontend, base or admin.
> Hash value for a specific file can be retrieved from the cache using the `getByPath` function in the [SubresourceIntegrityRepository](https://github.com/magento-commerce/magento2ce/blob/2.4-develop/app/code/Magento/Csp/Model/SubresourceIntegrityRepository.php) class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subresource Integrity hashes are stored and organized in cache by the deployed package area - frontend, base or admin.
The hash value for a specific file can be retrieved from the cache using the `getByPath` function in the [SubresourceIntegrityRepository](https://github.com/magento-commerce/magento2ce/blob/2.4-develop/app/code/Magento/Csp/Model/SubresourceIntegrityRepository.php) class.
```

Caches can be purged in the following ways:

* Programmatically, by using the `deleteAll` function in the [SubresourceIntegrityRepository](https://github.com/magento-commerce/magento2ce/blob/2.4-develop/app/code/Magento/Csp/Model/SubresourceIntegrityRepository.php) class.

* Using the CLI

```bash
bin/magento cache:flush
```

* Through the Admin UI via **System** > **Tools** > **Cache Management**. **Flush Cache Storage**

<InlineAlert slots="text" />

> SRI caches must be regenerated using static content deploy command below after cache has been purged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the cache has been purged, SRI caches must be regenerated using the static content deploy command.
```

```bash
bin/magento setup:static-content:deploy
```

### Subresource Integrity for Remote Resources

> Although, there is no SRI support for custom remote javascript resources currently, merchants can generate the integrity hash for remote resources using the following example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although, there is no SRI support for custom remote Javascript resources currently, merchants can generate the integrity hash for remote resources using the following example.
```

```php
$hash = base64_encode(hash('sha256', $content, true));
$integrity = "sha256" . "-{$hash}";
```

<InlineAlert slots="text" />

> For subresource-integrity verification of a resource served from an origin other than the document in which it's embedded, the [crossorigin](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/crossorigin) attribute must also be provided along with the integrity attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For subresource-integrity verification of a resource served from an origin other than the document where it is embedded, the [crossorigin](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/crossorigin) attribute must be provided along with the integrity attribute.
```
